What if I can't?
It can only be said that this patient has no one to treat
Ah, this one?
Doctor Gao?
It looks really good.
Isn't that amazing?
It's not something you can just say
What do you mean?
My meaning is very simple.
If your surgery fails later
I have to let my senior sister wipe the skin
What if something bad happens to this patient?
There's nothing we can do.
Can you take responsibility for this?
It's useless to say so much here now
Since this gentleman looks down on Doctor Gao
Then let's speak with facts
Prepare for surgery
You haven't answered my question yet.
I ask if you can take this responsibility
Doctor Gao was invited by me
If there is any problem
I'll take care of it.
Ok ok let's go
I'm going to bring my sister
I think you need to prepare
In case this person is fishing for jade despite his name
You have to go to the rescue
Oh uncle
Is this surgery really that simple?
Ah, if I mess up
I'm afraid that those people outside will make a fuss.
What are you afraid of? You are also a sea turtle MD
The surgery was perfect
As long as you follow the surgery strictly according to the plan
It will soar into the sky in the future
Plus I'm vigilant behind your back
A small promise
Definitely not a problem.
OK, let's get started, let's go
Oh oh it's over oh it's over